docs: Change expression of merge example in `Why` (#391)
narwhals-dev/narwhals: docs/why.md

Try it out and see ;) Spoiler alert: they don't. pandas checks if `3` is in the index,
Polars checks if it's in the values.

> Try codes below, they even have different column names after a join!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For another example, try running the code below - note how the outputs have different column names after the join!
```
